That's not possible.
That's not going to happen.
Hahaha Tianxiao Zhenren
Can you do Yunxiao Sect?
This is a Wuxing town in the east
West Qixing Town
I don't think it's useful either.
Wasn't it beaten to pieces by my apprentice?
What are you proud of?
Lin Xiyue, the saintess of my Yunxiao Sect, is still there
Xiyue Tianzi Hengyi
Qualifications, especially if you can lead this war
Wuji Shu also listened
I'm awesome and you'll brag too
I'm not afraid to tell you
Joy has broken through the eighth grade the day before yesterday
Become the entire spiritual community
The youngest grandmaster ever
Haha Ouyang Xuan
Fill it up
You don't know the iron law of picking up ants, do you?
What 8 bottles?
Young people nowadays are so scary
At this age, the eighth-grade grandmaster mirror is achieved
What face do we old bones have?
As expected of the Western Moon
It has actually broken through to the eighth grade
Achieved the grandmaster mirror
This lower leaf Wuji is dead
Broken master masters the principle of heaven and earth
Every move includes the major events of heaven and earth
Although it is only one respect different from the seventh grade
But it's a world apart
Is this three-night wetland really dangerous?
That's not possible.
Wuji's age cultivation of the seventh grade
You are spiritual kai
Even if Lin Xiyue started practicing from the womb
It will never break through the eighth grade
Is it true or false?
You'll see later.
Lin Xi, here I come